c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Bumkler.exe
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Bumkler.pdb
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.g.resources
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.exe
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.pdb
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Bumkler.exe.config
C:\Users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Vkontakte.dll
C:\Users\aminakov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Bumkler\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Vkontakte.pdb
C:\Users\aminakov\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VkontakteSVN\Bumkler\bin\Debug\Bumkler.exe.config
C:\Users\aminakov\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VkontakteSVN\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.exe
C:\Users\aminakov\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\VkontakteSVN\Bumkler\obj\x86\Debug\Bumkler.pdb
